Update README.md to link Risc-V specification! (#280)
risc0/risc0: README.md

code, not any of its inputs or any state during execution.

The code runs in a special virtual machine, called a *ZKVM*.  The RISC Zero

> ZKVM emulates a small [RISC-V computer](https://github.com/riscv), allowing it to run arbitrary code in any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ZKVM emulates a small [RISC-V](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RISC-V) computer, allowing it to run arbitrary code in any
```
